My name is Stephen Grider.
And in the next couple of hours I'm going to tell you everything I know about React and Redux. Before we dive
into any technical topic I want to very quickly tell you how you can get help inside this course.
So as we start to go through videos and write out code if you have any questions or need help troubleshooting
there's a couple of different ways that you can get some help.
First off you can reach out to me on Udemy's QA
discussion boards.
I always recommend you start there because very frequently if you're running into an issue chances are
someone else has as well.
And there might already be some posts describing how to solve the issue that you've come up with.
Second way to get in touch with me is to reach out to me on Twitter.
That's my handle right there.
And then finally you can also e-mail me as well.
Now a quick note here I usually answer questions on all these different forms of media between Monday
and Friday around 9:00 a.m. PST.
So if you reach out to me on like Saturday nights I may not get a response back to you until Monday
morning.
Just something to keep in mind.
OK.
So with all this in mind let's take a pause right here.
We're going to start diving in to React in the next section.